Updates:
 - The previous version of gen_vacancies.py file does not create correct label images for 2H-MoS2.
There appears to be an edge condition untaken care of in the triple-nested for-loop that writes the xyz coordinates
into the xyz files; when the only type sof defects are single and double vacancies on the chalcogen site, the defect types do not get marked correctly.
- It would be possible to fix that part of the code, using the random defect generating method in the for-loop; however, for the time being,
one can run enpl_gen_files.py to generate the parameter files and an xyz file for a defectless MoS2 image,
then run gen_vacancies.py to generate xyz files for defect-added MoS2 and its label images.
- These files and their contents can be cleaned up and organized better; feel free to start a new branch and work on modifying it,
I myself will do the same on the main branch.

+ Regarding the diversity in the train set through imaging condition variations (probe current, dwell time, min. ADF angle):
After Joowon tested and organized the conditions, Prof. Kim concluded that the overall effect of tweaking the STEM parameters are too small to create
significant-enough variations in the train images. Thus, when simulating images with computem, feel free to use any STEM parameter value within the specified range
to obtain a base pristine MoS2 xyz file, then use that file to generate more files with defects.


<Material Information> (for MoS2)
1. Material Name: MoS2
2. Pixel size of the image in angstroms (How large is the atom in pixels): 0.2077A/px
3. Desired image size: Need to consider how many convolutional blocks you will have;
with each convolution the image size will shrink even with padding, and the image size needs
to be divisible without remainders at every step. For example, if the initial image size is 512px and
4 convolutions are applied, 
512px -> 256px -> 128px -> 64px (OK)
But, if the initial image size is 450px and 4 convolutions are applied,
450px -> 225px -> (Regarding the ResUNet implementation from the paper, when the model is 
constructed, one operation will output 112px, and the other 113px;
this mismatch will cause problems) (Not Ok)
4 & 5. Metal & Chalcogen site atom number: refer to the periodic table of elements
6. Lattice constant a of your sample: MoS2's a value for this sample = 3.16A
For the remainder of the inputs (such as substitution/vacancy on metal site, etc.), for this MoS2
there are only two types of defects: (1) single vacancy on chalcogen site (2) double vacancy on chalcogen
site. The concentrations are up to you, but make sure that a significant amount of images in the final
training/validation set contain enough vacancies for the model to learn (especially for double vacancies). 0.05 is a good
place to start for both. Feel free to play around with these numbers; if after cropping and rotating the
images, many of the augmented images have little to no defects, you can filter them out with the
python code in folder 0, post_process_stem_images.py.


<Annular Dark Field STEM parameters>
1. Voltage: 80kV (typical value when imaging many TMDCs with STEM. For many TMDCs the material will start to
degrade at higher voltages. There are studies that use high beams (200kV, etc) on purpose to see how the material degrades
and investigate other physical phenomena that happen at the atomic scale as the TMDC atoms interact with the high energy electrons)
2. Mean of Cs3: -0.013mm
3. Mean OF Cs5: 0mm
4. df (defocus): 0
5. Input aperture: 25 mrad
6. Minimum ADF angle: 50-55 mrad (We do not know the exact input aperture used when taking the
images, but this range produces images with Z-contrasts that roughly match the actual images. One way to create variations in the training
set is to vary the minimum ADF angle to produce slightly differing Z-contrast ratios between the atoms & vacancies.)
7. Maximum ADF angle: 160 mrad (This value is fixed)
8. Mean of source size: (size of the beam) 0.77nm
9. Mean of defocus spread: 10
10. Mean of probe current: 23-30pA 
11. Dwell time: 8us or 16us (Another way to create variations in the training set at the simulation stage)